#labels Featured

This [https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/748/ Greasemonkey script] 
automatically pokes people who have already poked you on
Facebook.  It was inspired by Lukas Fragodt's Auto-Poke and EZ-Poke
script, which are now defunct.

= Please make use of the bug reporting system here =

Google Code provides a [http://code.google.com/p/tailgate/issues/list bug reporting system] 
that you can use to submit bug reports.  Let's try to stay away from 
the forums.

== Welcome to version 3.0 == 
I was hoping to release version 3.0 later in the year but Facebook 
forced me to move my time table.  In case you have missed the 
conversation, [http://userscripts.org/topics/54659 Facebook has changed the way that pokes are processed.]

*This script works for ENGLISH ONLY!*  If you would like to help
making this script more language-independent, please send me a
[http://userscripts.org/messages/new?user_id=7743 direct message].

This script is likely to break again very soon.  The way Facebook made
their change allows them to change ONE variable to make this script
obsolete.  I'm working on this and will keep a close eye on any
changes Facebook may make.  Please be patient with me, but feel free
to [http://userscripts.org/scripts/discuss/5200 submit a bug report in the forums].

[Greasemonkey_FacebookAutopoke_ChangeLog View the Change Log]

== Development has started on 4.0 ==
The next major revision of the Facebook autopoke script is underway.
It will be re-written from the ground-up.  The script will support
localization, allowing any language (including fictional ones) to be
used.  The newest version of the script is available via the 
[http://tailgate.googlecode.com/svn/greasemonkey_scripts/ subversion interface],
but is not recommended because it will most-likely be very unstable.

Another feature to be added is adaptive poking, which will hopefully
be able to track changes to Facebook's poking protocols and adapt
accordingly.

There is no scheduled release date at this time.
